/* 
1 1.1 Capability development (Upskill, Reskill)
To improve self-skills by getting trained & certified to give better project delivery results / outputs or to be ready for any upcoming assignment as per the business need.	
Comments (Employees can enter the Achievements/Appraisers can provide the feedback)	        1. Akshay Anil Sawant
	        02/24/2023
	        Pursuing certification in Kubernetes Administration.
	        2. Akshay Anil Sawant
	        02/24/2023
	        Self-upskilling of Bitbucket and ADO.
	        Delivered CI-CD solution for S&P Climanomics Legacy using the same.
	        3. Akshay Anil Sawant
	        02/24/2023
	        Completed Terraform Certification .
	        Completed all the mandatory technical as well as soft skills trainings on time.
	 
	1 1.2 Soft skills
	Communication, flexibility, ownership, positive attitude, proactiveness, timely updates, attending scheduled calls, team work as applicable.
	
	Comments (Employees can enter the Achievements/Appraisers can provide the feedback)
	        1. Akshay Anil Sawant
	        02/24/2023
	        All the required pieces of training assigned on the LTI Shoshin Portal are completed on time.
	        All the required trainings assigned by the Clients are completed on time.
	 
	2 1.3 Compliance to organization timesheet booking & leave policy.
	 
	        1. No misses or mismatches in Attendance and iTime booking.             
	        2. No more than 0 unplanned leaves in a quarter.
	        Associates should be strictly following the timesheet booking & leave policy as specified by organization.
	        
	        Comments (Employees can enter the Achievements/Appraisers can provide the feedback)
	                1. Akshay Anil Sawant
	                02/23/2023
	                No misses or mismatches in Attendance and iTime booking.             
	                No more than 0 unplanned leaves in a quarter.
	         
	 
	3 1.4 Growth from existing accounts and new business
	Growth from existing accounts and new business
	
	
	Target
	
	
	Goal Description
	
	
	Comments (Employees can enter the Achievements/Appraisers can provide the feedback)
	
	        1. Akshay Anil Sawant
	        02/24/2023
	        1. Received additional scope of work for multiple environments
	        Example( The Salvation Army & S&PGlobal Client.)
	        
	        2. Received extension for the existing environments and multiple workstreams.
	        Example: Climanomics Legacy, MVP, Upgraded Climanomics, Bio-diversity
	        Less
	
	
	
	 
	4 1.5 Create positive experience to customers through innovative solutioning, proactiveness, demonstrating expertise in relevant areas; Ensure that the client is referenceable
	
	Create positive experience to customers through innovative solutioning, proactiveness, demonstrating expertise in relevant areas; Ensure that the client is referenceable
	
	
	Target
	
	
	Goal Description
	
	
	Comments (Employees can enter the Achievements/Appraisers can provide the feedback)
	
	        1. Akshay Anil Sawant
	        02/24/2023
	        1. Created a positive experience for customers so we received another contract with additional scope of work
	        
	        2. Went over and above the shift roaster. Been working for more than the required hours (9 HRS) consistently to manage both the project, delivery, and practice needs.
	        
	        3. Received appreciation from customers a couple of times over email, and calls.
	        
	        4. Implemented alternative solutions for latency issues and a lot of security compliance issues raised by the client's (S&P) Infosec team.
	        
	        5. Re-platform and redesigned the architecture as per the client's need. Performed Kubernetes Migration from OpenShift IBM to AWS EKS.
	        
	        6. Proactively managed the security assessment/ issues and contributed S&P Client for cloud cost-optimization.
	        Less
	
	
	
	         
 	 
	        4.  
 
6 1.6 CSAT and CSI
Akshay Anil Sawant
02/24/2023
1. Knowledge of Client stakeholders - Escalation matrix:
Up-to-date with customer hierarchy and stakeholder info by 101 as well as daily connects.


2. Understanding & Adherence to Contractual terms:
Complete understanding of customers asks/contractual terms. Helped come up with program roadmap due to the same. Went over and above the SoW activities to help the S&P onboard climanomics to its fold.

3. Provided up-to-date inputs about deliveries made along with stakeholder information.
		 
		 
		 
7 1.7 Smooth, effective delivery
Appreciation, recognition mails from client / account stakeholders; no negative mails or comments on work handling.
		
Smooth, effective delivery
Target	Appreciation, recognition mails from client / account stakeholders; no negative mails or comments on work handling.	
Goal Description		Technical capabilities demonstration, completing work in time appropriately.
Comments (Employees can enter the Achievements/Appraisers can provide the feedback)		        1. Akshay Anil Sawant
		        02/24/2023
		        Timely updates to customers and delivery about changes in tasks status and personal situations if any.
		        Example:
		        1) Lead the team during a critical crisis and short timelines. Received appreciation from customer CIO as well as LTIMindtree leadership
		        2) Regularly conducted team huddles to maximize productivity and help with any issues/doubts if team might have
		
		 
		SLAs and KPIs Management
		 
Akshay Anil Sawant
02/24/2023
		Practice Level
		
		1. Participated in weekend drives - both offshore and onsite
		2. Mentored associates
		3. Act as SPOC TSA from CIS since there was no managerial role assigned, (same with S&P Global for the initial weeks)
		
		Account Level - Contributed to the below technical solutions -
		
		4. Terraform core modules (to be used by ALL Sustainable1 projects/apps)
		a. Write modules from scratch
		b. Established standards considering the Security and compliance policies
		c. Contributed to creating shared Modules which can use across the environment /projects
		
		5. Migration solutions from IBM Cloud to AWS TCS and from AWS TCS to AWS S1 accounts    
		6. Involved in remediating and sustaining security issues
		7. Taken interviews for the practice and verticals.
*/
